All right here's problem three.
We have a copper wire of length L and cross-sectional area A and then a second copper wire has the length
to L and cross-sectional area for a what is the ratio of the resistivity of the second wire to the resistivity
of the first wire.
Now couple of things about this problem here.
And remember what they're asking us here they're asking us for the resistivity.
Now this is kind of a trick question.
If you remember here the resistance of any wire can be written as the resistivity multiplied by the
length of that wire Al and divided by the cross section.
So there's two terms here.
There's a term that is material dependent that's the resistivity.
And in this case both wires here are made of copper.
All right.
We have one copper wire and we have another copper wire.
So although we're changing the length in the cross-section between both wires we are certainly not changing
the resistivity so we might change the resistance but we're not changing the resistivity.
And if we're not changing the resists devotee that means that the correct answer must be e right you
right the resistance of the first water as the resistivity of copper the length of the wires to 2L divided
by 0.
So it's only l divided by the cross-sectional area.
Then you'd write the resistance of the second wire the same resistivity of the length.
Now as to L and the cross-section is for a.
So you could tell we've changed the resistance but we don't change the resistivity row because in both
cases we have copper.
All right.
That was a trick question.
Problem for if either the electric field strength in J is the electric current density What's the ratio
of either J.
OK well this is basically asking you about Ohm's Law remember electric field and the current density
are related to each other and wrote this down as written to the conductivity multiplied by the electric
field.
Now if you look at all the choices here none of these involve the conductivity but they do involve both
of my letters.
The current density and the electric field strength.
However if you do remember the conductivity was simply one divided by the resistivity of that material.
And now we have to do is we simply have to rearrange this.
So you bring row on one side you keep the electric field where it is and you divide through by the current
density and you get the resistivity.
So right away you're going right because the correct answer.
So for this one you really had to kind of remember this.
This was another form of Ohm's law.
The more conventional form of Ohm's law is this one.